== Welcome to SGE's interview assignment!

== Getting Started

1. Ensure you have installed MySQL (http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/), Ruby 1.9.3 (RVM is recommended: http://beginrescueend.com/), and RubyGems >= 1.5.3 (http://rubygems.org/pages/download)
2. Install bundler (gem install bundler)
3. Install cached bundled gems (bundle install --local --deployment)
4. Create the databases (bundle exec rake db:create:all)
5. Set up the database (bundle exec rake db:migrate)
6. Set up the test database (bundle exec rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=test)

If you're not familiar with using bundler, simply know that you should use bundle exec before any command line applications. For instance, starting the app server is 'bundle exec script/server', and starting a console session is 'bundle exec script/console'.


== Assignment

Create a bare-bones book collection management system.

== Requirements

* Upon signing in, you see your book collection.
-- If nothing is in your collection, you get a call to action to add a book.
* Add a book
* Delete a book
* Edit a book
* Basic error handling
* Unit tests verifying each of the preceding requirements (use the test framework of your choice, e.g. rspec, cucumber)

Note: we care more about the site being usable than pretty.

== Extra Credit

* Pretty, standards-compliant markup + CSS.
* Ajaxifying the CRUD operations.
* Advanced error handling
-- e.g., detect probable duplicates and warn
* Spellchecking
* A simple statistics dashboard for admin use.
* Invite a friend to join the service.
-- via mail
-- via Facebook
* Friending within the site (creating relationships between users)
-- leveraging Facebook
* See who has books in common with you
* Upload and display profile picture
